tankA action: Rotate4Right
tankB action: Rotate4Right
tankA action: Rotate4Right
tankB action: Rotate4Right
tankA action: Shoot
tankB action: Shoot
tankA action: Rotate8Left
tankB action: Rotate8Left
tankA action: Forward
tankB action: Rotate8Right
tankA action: Rotate8Right
tankB action: Forward
tankA action: Rotate8Right
tankB action: Forward
tankA action: Forward
tankB action: Forward
tankA action: Rotate8Left
tankB action: Shoot
tankA action: Shoot
tankB action: Rotate8Left
tankA action: Forward
tankB action: Rotate8Right
tankA action: Forward
tankB action: Rotate8Left
tankA action: Rotate8Left
tankB action: Rotate8Right
tankA action: Forward
tankB action: Shoot
tankA action: Rotate4Right
tankB action: Rotate8Right
tankA action: Shoot
tankB action: Rotate8Left
Game Over! tank A won!
tankB cause of death: hit by a shell, 
